Clarify note (#24851)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/functions/default_parameters/index.md

f(2); // [2, undefined]
```

> > **Note:** Default parameters and parameters after the first default parameter will not contribute to the function's [`length`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Function/length).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The first default parameter and anything after it will not contribute to the function's [`length`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Function/length).
```
